Hannah each other here I'm tearing this
one talk to you about all these little
fucking which I had a little sluts on
facebook are you talking about and
people that go and copy literally every
single thing that you do like at this
frame you found we're talkin or in Japan
shield on my pants if I'm different a
fucking hillbilly outfit sugar and ran a
hillbilly appear found him if I the most
you should be a secure fuckin way be
like who the fuck do you think you are
you're a faggot Harry do you think it
cuz you're really not especially all
these are the fucking slut to have on
paper saying oh like my photo and i'll
post a lot heart and blood i went
further and I'll break you look nice but
that what it's like over and I'll do
like and dislike if they wanted to like
you're pretty though fucker market
obviously if you're thinking the flags
it's like another fucking take it up and
if you're about the most luck I take
your buddies in my bikinis on my fuckin
briar and then you cross your face yeah
I know what the fuck like honestly it's
a fucking ugly affair you just want to
put it up to fucking sure your body oh
yeah like I really do you really need
that much attention to satisfy yourself
are you that much of a fucking attention
SE Cupp there's a Creole damn though not
much of a fucking attention seeker be
your fucking self don't be like everyone
especially all these little fucking
Oompa Loompas that I say with fake tan
that I've been saying next to the Sun oh
that looked like a fucking pumpkin not
off the hook motherfucker but ugly
fucking whale that belongs with a
patient wanna be a hug them do you want
to be fucking pumpkins you belong in
fucking beige and fucking 12 year olds
drinking smoking off every week and y 3
wyd rio 12 years old what are would I a
lead to an alcohol you wouldn't fucking
damage your liver and kidneys like what
the fuck
little sluts like crazy what every time
you look like you fucking freezing back
twice as hard exactly love you fucking
you don't see the complaint oh my god to
scale disgrace in the in her oh no no
get her this look like he really had
nothing better to do to time but what
look I thought you call me ah girls man
oh yeah like a fucking war you know you
fucking look crazy big whoop if i can
get punch him in the face for we find a
way did it what the fuck is going on ah
oh oh next time I'll try more history
repeats right after fucking ass you
little faggot can't they're fucking get
inside i'll show you how real men fuck
not black Compton was talkin all
do you thing that you do because they
have no idea how to be themselves as
they have no idea what to do if they
lost to the fucking blood come
oh yeah oh yeah you did shit then we
asked you very nicely to fucking delete
us on Facebook we really don't want
anything to do with you and you know
what all you girls are the fuckin saying
every single one of these that's like we
don't have friends that it goes to proly
eyelash like I ya know it was seriously
like you got other fuckin saying your
backstabbing lying two-faced little
whores they have nothing they didn't do
it the time so my fuckin over